I have a fuel tank farm with 6 Fuel tanks. Each tank will have it's own electric Valve (see below). 
I need to be able to control these valves with a PLC (see below). I will have an HMI on site (see below), but I also need to be able to control the valves remotely (PLC is wifi compatible)

The valves have a 20 second cycle time. Under most circumstance (except as described when "leveling") I can't ever have 2 valves open at the same time.

I need to be able to switch tanks and keep a log of when tanks were switched.

Before a tank is opened, the current tank needs to be closed.
The 24V valves have Power to close and Power to open, so all but the open tank should have power to the close side. 
When a tank is switched the current tank will need power to the closed side and a delay for 25 seconds before power to the open side is given to the new open tank.

Each valve needs to be exercised 1 time per week without "Leveling" the tanks. So let's say Sunday morning at 2:00am the current tank would close, delay 25 seconds, tank 1 would open for 25 seconds, then close for 25 seconds. Tank 2 would open for 25 seconds then close for 25 seconds, etc, then after tank 6 is done the tank that was open before the "exercise" would re-open.

Rarely, but occasionally I need to "level" several tanks. 
This needs to be password protected (use 1928). ie press "Level" type in password and then select the tanks to be leveled and execute. 
Tanks would remain open until a new tank selected.
When a new tank is selected, close all the tanks, delay 25 seconds, then open the selected tank.



I also get an email every morning with the current tank levels (see attached). 
I need to be able to show the current tank levels in each tank on the HMI. (Could be a swipe or menu item if the 7" screen is already too congested). 
I can setup a gmail account for the PLC and when the email arrives, the PLC can update the fuel levels from the email.


The tanks at this farm are:
Paul 1
Paul 2
Paul 3 (doesn't have a level gauge yet)
Paul 4
Paul 5
Paul 6



I have the following hardware:

Click Plus AC Power Supply - C0-01AC
Click Plus PLC - C2-03CPU-2
2 Click Plus Modules - C2-14D1
C-More - CM5-T7W
6 total Valworx 2" Electric Actuated Stainless Ball Valve 24 VDC
https://www.valworx.com/product/stainless-ball-valve-2-24-vdc

P.S. The fuel level is emailed to the Click Plus PLC, whick needs to extract the fuel level from the email text.

Mail server:
fuel@handytl.com
HandY@1234